This archive contains Samual Boutin's decision procedure on ring expressions. This is an ancestor of Patrick Loiseleur's ring tactic, which itself was an ancestor to Bruno Barras, Benjamin Grégoire and Assia Mahboubi's version of the ring tactic.

It was stopped being ported to new version of Coq by its maintainers in 2017. Last compatibility is with Coq version 8.6.0.

The original README follows:

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Contribution
------------
This directory contains: A definition of rational numbers

Author & Date          : Samuel Boutin
                         Inria Rocquencourt
                         June 1995

Type make to install
--------------------

To use this development define the following variables:
setenv RATIONAL $COQTOP/contrib/Rocq/RATIONAL
setenv REWRITE $RATIONAL/Rewrite/LeibnizRewrite

If you want to develop with natural numbers, load the file ./Natural/path.v
and tape
Require nat.
Require Nat_in_com.

If you want to develop with integers, load the file ./Integer/path.v
and type
Require integers.
Require Int_in_com.

If you want to develop with rationals, load the file ./Rational/path.v
and type
Require rationals.
Require Rat_in_com

If you want to use the AC rewriting tactics, read the document in
head of ./Rewrite

Comments:
---------
 
    In this directory, we define rational numbers.
 In this implementation we assume two sets of axioms allowing to define
quotient types and subset types. These sets of axioms should be
proved coherent by mixing up the deliverable model and the setoid model
(both are presented in Martin Hofmann' thesis).
  Integers are defined from natural numbers as the usual symetric
completion of a semi-group.
  Rationals are also defined in the very usal way as the product of 
integers and strictly positive integers quotiented by 
the relation you imagine!
On of the main aim of the author, and a work on progress is to defined
real numbers as cauchy sequences and prove it forms a Banach space.
  
REMARK :SOME DEVELOPMENTS ARE HIGHLY REUSABLE:
------

   -> FIRST : A LL1-grammar is written for arithmetic and can be reused
for every development involving group, ring.. structures with usual
precedence.

   -> SECOND : Some basic rewriting tactics are used in this development:
Their code and a brief introduction are available in the directory ./Rewrite
They are very usefull in order to solve or simplify equations in a group
a ring or a field. The present development often witnesses their
usefulness.

  Overview of the directories:
  ----------------------------

     ./Util contains some basic stuff for the syntax of product

     ./Quotient contains a set of axioms allowing to define quotients
as types

     ./Subset contains a set of axiom allowing to define subsets as types

     ./Natural is an overview of the results proved on natural numbers.
Morover a suitable syntax for arithmetics is defined in the case of
natural numbers. 
An instanciation of generic rewriting tactics for AC laws is also
defined. (see ./Rewrite)

     ./Integer is the definition of integers from natural numbers
Addition, multiplication minus are defined and their main properties
(sym, assoc, distr..)
The predicate less or equal is extended from natural numbers to
integers.
The Absolute value is also defined on integers

     ./Rational is the definition of rational numbers
Only the main operations (+,-,*) and their important properties (like
for integers) are defined on rational numbers.

     ./Rewrite is the local library of rewriting tactics
It is itself devided into two subdirectories commented in a local draft
